Options:
  -c, --config <value...>                Provide path to a webpack configuration file e.g.
                                         ./webpack.config.js.
  --config-name <value...>               Name of the configuration to use.
  -m, --merge                            Merge two or more configurations using 'webpack-merge'.
  --env <value...>                       Environment passed to the configuration when it is a
                                         function.
  --node-env <value>                     Sets process.env.NODE_ENV to the specified value.
  --progress [value]                     Print compilation progress during build.
  -j, --json [value]                     Prints result as JSON or store it in a file.
  -d, --devtool <value>                  Determine source maps to use.
  --no-devtool                           Do not generate source maps.
  --entry <value...>                     The entry point(s) of your application e.g. ./src/main.js.
  --mode <value>                         Defines the mode to pass to webpack.
  --name <value>                         Name of the configuration. Used when loading multiple
                                         configurations.
  -o, --output-path <value>              Output location of the file generated by webpack e.g.
                                         ./dist/.
  --stats [value]                        It instructs webpack on how to treat the stats e.g.
                                         verbose.
  --no-stats                             Disable stats output.
  -t, --target <value...>                Sets the build target e.g. node.
  --no-target                            Negative 'target' option.
  -w, --watch                            Watch for files changes.
  --no-watch                             Do not watch for file changes.
  --watch-options-stdin                  Stop watching when stdin stream has ended.
  --no-watch-options-stdin               Do not stop watching when stdin stream has ended.

Global options:
  --color                                Enable colors on console.
  --no-color                             Disable colors on console.
  -v, --version                          Output the version number of 'webpack', 'webpack-cli' and
                                         'webpack-dev-server' and commands.
  -h, --help [verbose]                   Display help for commands and options.

Commands:
  build|bundle|b [entries...] [options]  Run webpack (default command, can be omitted).
  configtest|t [config-path]             Validate a webpack configuration.
  help|h [command] [option]              Display help for commands and options.
  info|i [options]                       Outputs information about your system.
  serve|server|s [entries...] [options]  Run the webpack dev server.
  version|v [commands...]                Output the version number of 'webpack', 'webpack-cli' and
                                         'webpack-dev-server' and commands.
  watch|w [entries...] [options]         Run webpack and watch for files changes.

To see list of all supported commands and options run 'webpack --help=verbose'.